Cartoon Heroes Nemo is a cute orange and white fish,
and Shrek is an ugly green men. They look very different, but both of them have won the
hearts of young people all over the world. The pictures of these popular cartoon heroes
are everywhere, on office desks, school bags and computer screens. There are also some
older cartoon favourites, for example the Monkey King. He is the hero of a story called
Havok in Heaven. He leads a group of monkeys against the Emperor of Heaven and his men.
He is brave, clever and humorous. Parents and children laugh together as the Monkey King
makes a terrible mess in Heaven. They always expect to see more Monkey King cartoons.
Tintin is another favourite cartoon hero. He has been popular for over 80 years, ever since
the artist Herjet invented him in 1929. Tintin has red hair and a small white dog. He works
for a newspaper and has lots of exciting experiences. Fans have bought about 200 million copies of
Tintin's stories in more than 50 languages. Tintin appeared in China in the 1980s. Many Chinese
still collect these black and white Tintin books. Finally, Snoopy, a cute dog, celebrated his
60th birthday in 2010. Snoopy lives in his own private world and finds real life hard to understand.
Charles Schultz created Snoopy and his friends and drew the cartoons to satisfy older people as well as children.